guys this is kamlesh and today I'm going
to be unboxing the Hawaii 303 see us
bistec USB dongle or us with inta card
whatever you guys might want to call it
it's really a very great a USB dongle
the reason why i am saying that is
because the website which I got it from
had really very good reviews about this
particular dongle so I thought of giving
it a shot and I got it on the website
which I got it from his flip com it has
cost me around 1,500 bucks and they are
a lot of other company provided dongles
sim card providers such as word of one
mtnl Airtel and what other companies who
also provide our dongles but the
drawback of those are you won't be able
to use any other sim cards in it for
example if you got yourself or what
awful dongle then you won't be able to
use any other sim in it for example
airtel and canal you won't be able to
use in it so in case you want to switch
to any other service provider then you
won't be able to use that particular
dongle you will have to purchase any
other dongle in order to run the
internet but that's not the issue with
this particular dongle you can use any
sim in it and it will run smoothly
without any issue so let me go and unbox
it for you guys real quick with my knife
for you
that's how it looks like inside
t normal documentation is you yup the
Quick Start Guide warranty card and
safety information the stick itself let
me take it out this is how it looks like
the front it has a LED light over here
which has three to four colors as you
read green and purple which indicates
the network I'm guess I don't know and
this is how the back looks like let me
show you guys how it comes off the
packing okay you just need to slide
slide back and we'll be looking inside
and here you will be inserting your SIM
card and below that you will be using
your microSD slot or micro SD card
supports up to 32 gigs of memory which
is really great you can use it as a
pendrive I guess
pretty easy to slide in and slide out
and this is how it comes off it's USB
2.0 unfortunately it doesn't have USB
3.0 in it well that will read guys
thanks for watching